Hello everyone.
Your homework assignment for this lecture
is to download a either module or library,
and explore GitHub, download one
and just play around with.
Have fun.
So, what you're gonna do
is come to GitHub.com.
Go enter python into the search.
And what I want you to do is
then click here on languages.
Make sure it's in Python.
And then sort by most stars.
And now what I want you to do
is just check out this second link
that says awesome-python.
Click it or we can directly go to this
just by going to GitHub.com/vinta
V-I-N-T-A/awesome-python.
And here it's a curated list of frameworks
and libraries all on Python.
So what I want you to do
is just check out this list.
See what interests you.
So, for example I'm gonna zoom in here.
Let's say I am interested in
audio in Python.
I can click that.
It'll take me down and scroll down here into audios.
And here are all the amazing libraries
that people have written here for Python.
So for instance, pyechonest
is one of my personal favourite Python libraries.
And it's the Echo Nest API.
So you can come here.
Read about it, play around with it.
And it basically
let's you, for instance,
connect with
Excuse me, Echo Nest API,
and you can ask for artist IDs,
songs
different features of the songs etc.
Some people put GIFs
on their read me page.
So, choose whatever interests you.
Download it.
Play around with it.
Remember to use conda instal first.
If that doesn't work, then use pip instal.
Okay.
So, this is just a fun little assignment.
Choose what interests you.
And, that's it.
Okay.
Thanks.
And I'll see you at the next lecture.